eBay Open Source License Agreement

"Affiliate" means any past, present, or future subsidiary, parent, sister
company, or other corporation, firm, business, partnership, joint venture, or
entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control of, eBay or
any of its subsidiaries. The term "control" as used in this Agreement, means
the possession, directly or indirectly, solely or jointly, of the power to
direct or cause the direction of management, actions or policies of a legally
recognizable entity, whether through the ownership of voting shares, by
contract, or otherwise. The rights conferred by this Agreement on eBay shall
automatically and immediately extend to any entity that is not an Affiliate of
or a part of eBay as of the date eBay first makes the Code publicly available
("Effective Date") and subsequently becomes an Affiliate or a part of eBay
(e.g., a future Affiliate or acquired business), and shall extend to or
continue to be retained by any entity that is an Affiliate or a part of eBay
as of the Effective Date and subsequently loses its status as an Affiliate or
part of eBay (e.g., a former Affiliate or divested business).

"Code" means that eBay code which is JavaScript with the exposed object being
"PAYPAL.apps.Minicart" as it exists on the date eBay first makes such code
publicly available.

"User" means a person or entity that makes a derivative work of the Code.

Copyright (c), 2010, eBay, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The User is licensed to
make derivative works of the Code and to distribute those derivative works, in
source and binary forms, under all eBay copyrights in the Code; and

eBay grants the User a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty
free license, under the eBay-owned patents that cover the User's derivative
works of the Code, to make and use such derivative works, and to license such
derivative works;

 provided that the following conditions are met:

1. the User grants eBay and its Affiliates, and every other User, a license
coextensive with the above copyright license, under all copyrights in all
derivative works of the Code made by the User; and

2. the User grants eBay and its Affiliates, and every other User a worldwide,
non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty free, license, under all patents
licensable by the User that cover the User's derivative works of the Code, to
make and use such derivative works, and to license such derivative works;

3. distribution of any derivative work of the Code must reproduce this
agreement, verbatim and in its entirety, including the disclaimer below, in
the documentation and/or in any other materials provided with the
distribution.

NEITHER THE NAME OF EBAY NOR THE NAME OF ANY USER MAY BE USED TO ENDORSE OR
PROMOTE PRODUCTS DERIVED FROM THE CODE WITHOUT SPECIFIC PRIOR WRITTEN
PERMISSION. THE CODE AND EVERY DERIVATIVE WORK THEREOF IS RESPECTIVELY
PROVIDED BY EBAY AND EVERY USER "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHT ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL EBAY OR ANY USER BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF ANY USE
OF THE CODE OR SUCH DERIVATIVE WORKS, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE. EACH USER HEREBY ASSUMES SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO SECURE ANY NEEDED
LICENSE, OTHER THAN THE LICENSES GRANTED ABOVE, UNDER ANY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS.
